okay I'm in the Boracay a beach here and
just going to show you in this this
short video how to do
shoot shoot at night basically and show
you I'm actually shooting now in using
the 600 D and a 50 millimeter lens just
using natural light well the light in
the environment not using any LED light
so we'll have a look now as well how you
can set the aperture and the difference
in the different lens types when you're
shooting
late at night in a situation like this
so that the trick Munir recording at
night is all i'm using here is the canon
fifty-minute millimeter 1.8 lens it's at
the maximum aperture you can just see
there possibly on the screen and the
maximum ISO when you're filming at night
I say all I'm using here is natural
light I've got a kind of a flash just on
the camera but it's not it's not liking
the subject that's all it's sideways on
and the subject joy is lit their display
a single candle and you see the
background lights there there's a nice
out-of-focus area behind because the
maximum aperture allows you to do that
when I set up were one point I even -
you get a nice bouquet effect showing
any lights or anything in the background
is very blurred so that's right clearly
so now because it is done I put it just
to get the first show you there the
setting for the exposure it is just
about right in the middle there expose
it for Joyce face there I've got a
candle it's hidden behind a light on the
table here just to just a mask because
if the flame was in the middle of the
exposure there would actually spoil it
back to one move that side to us I'll
just show you that equipment I move this
sideways you'll see the
B&C actually hitting the labor for the
flowering in the foreground the table
flower just to actually show the
out-of-focus areas in the foreground -
and so purely by now the candle light
plus there's a very weak light above us
get get the lighting pick so everything
is basically ambient light I'm not using
any artificial light here to light the
scene so again the ISO sets are 1600 if
I am you know that's a good ISO to have
any higher than that you start to get a
bit a bit too much grain in the photo in
the film and really if I reduce the ISO
to switch that recording off the moment
if I reduce the ISO down you see goes it
goes a little bit to underexpose there
800 and although you can go up to 3200
there's make it running on very bright a
little bit even overexposed there
there's no point you get too much grain
at 1600 you see there with a wide
aperture lens it allows you to get a you
know very nice exposure there pretty
well just using natural natural lighting
on the scene so you don't need a big
video light to light the scene for you
so that's using the 50 millimeter
one-point aliens and there's one
advantage of having that lens I think is
to get allow you to to shoot scenes like
this without the use of basically LED or
video guys
you
okay I just wanted to show you the same
effect here on the change the lens from
the 1.8 just to get show you why the
this maximum aperture is so important
then when you're shooting at night I've
just put on the kits and a kit lens
which is an 18 to 55 and I've tried to
mimic you know I've got pretty well of
15 millimeter focal length on the lens
so I'll try to mimic the 15 millimeter
names pretty well in how my father is in
zoomed now in me should I put it on you
can see there the actual maximum
aperture I can get on this lens at 50
minute is actually 5.6 and at 5.6 I've
even put the ice all the way up to 6400
which is far too grainy you it'll be
very great and even with that you can
see there the shot is way under expose
there with that so it's almost
impossible to shoot in one of these at
nighttime if I decrease the ISO to the
what the the 1.8 millimeter lens had on
it the 50 millimeter used to shot
completely so that's the reason if I put
it up again
yeah I did and I'll show you
back to that again so it's to go so
that's why you need something like a
very wide aperture lens to shoot at
night in natural lighting additions in a
restaurant or wherever it is indoors
whatever even outdoors where it's where
it's nighttime where there is sunlight
without relying on video if I put the
video light on the joy heat you see it's
kind of a different effect altogether
and it gets the exposure if I move the
exposure I'll move the light back a bit
you can see there but obviously that's
as adding a huge amount of new life to
the scene and it's gonna be very
conspicuous when you're doing it that
it's an extra thing to actually be
carrying around you another video like I
saw the way doing the lighting but erm
as I said not so nice you also lose as
you can see there on the lens you also
lose at that sort of aperture in the
background there's a lot less blur I
mean you can't really get so much
bouquet or blur effect as you did on the
1.8 at the same setting so that's again
one reason folk a good reason why you
would use the 50 millimetre 1.8 or a
wide maximum wide aperture lens to be
able to shoot that night without the aid
of artificial lighting
you
you can see on this is the I've just put
on the Canon 50 millimeter 1.2 lens
Davis to give you a show the difference
and a huge amount the light now coming
to this lens I mean between a 1.8 and
the 1.2 you've got to you got I don't
know it's quadruple your at least double
or more the amount of light coming in so
even when it's very low light like a
candle light underneath joy a light
above you can see there how bright the
picture is and in fact like juice the
ice are down to 800 I don't need to go
to 1600 on it
if I go at 1600 I'll show you this
actually comes over exposed illness as
you can see there so a huge amount of
latitude on this legacy just get away
with 400 probably it to underexpose with
800 you get a great quality picture from
that and you can say perfect expose your
day with the candle pretty well candle
in a small light above so that's using
the 1.2 as I said differs from that and
the 1.8 this minute 1.8 where you judge
yourself on the pictures I mean to be
honest it's nice to have the 1.2 to
lovely quality lens but it's over 10
times the price of the 1.8 it's a minute
at one point
canon lens so probably you know you can
get you can get extremely good picture
there with a 1.8 it's going to be in 1.8
as well but so anyway that's the
difference in the effect getting okay
that's it use me in how to issue in
low-light conditions using as you see
here very wide aperture the maximum
aperture lenses